Fix minor grammar mistakes and typos (#3667)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_filters.rst

        z: patch
      b: patch

> If :ansopt:`ansible.builtin.combine#filter:recursive=False` (the default), nested hashes aren't merged:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If :ansopt:`ansible.builtin.combine#filter:recursive=False` (the default), nested hashes are not merged:
```
